# Industrial-Temperture-Alert-System-with-Bolt-IoT
Temperature though has always played a very vital role in day to day life. Technologies improvements in fields such as the pharmaceuticals and indoor farming, have made the monitoring of temperature a vital part of their day to day running. Temperature monitoring and other factors are essential to ensure that the goods are kept in appropriate conditions. This project aims to ensure that even the lowest people in the chain have the capability to match up the higher business standards. The project uses a Bolt IoT board with the LM35 sensor to pickup the temperature.

Hence a monitoring and alert system is very necessary in order to ensure the smooth running of the systems. Some systems even come with a built control application that can fix the problem. Newer technologies such as thermostat etcetera have been inbuilt with such applications so that they can modulate the temperature with no human interference at all.

The main reason for making this project is to create a modular program and device that can allow us to create a cost-effective way of monitoring and alerting the user about the temperature fluctuations. This low-costmodule will allow low level pharmacies to ensure that the temperature is monitored constantly without the needof human interference. Whenever a temperature fluctuation occurs in the system the user will be alerted about it.In addition to this there has been an attempt to predict a future failure. This prediction chart uses previous failures and the mean time between them to predict a future failure rate

